Update feature_bluetooth.md (#7193)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_bluetooth.md

## Bluetooth Known Supported Hardware

> Currently Bluetooth support is limited to AVR based chips. For Bluetooth 2.1 Qmk has support for RN-42 HID Firmware and Bluefruit EZ-Key the later of which is not produced anymore. For more recent BLE protocols currently only the Adafruit Bluefruit SPI friend is directly supported. BLE is needed to connect to iOS devices. Note iOS does not support Mouse Input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently Bluetooth support is limited to AVR based chips. For Bluetooth 2.1, QMK has support for RN-42 modules and the Bluefruit EZ-Key, the latter of which is not produced anymore. For more recent BLE protocols, currently only the Adafruit Bluefruit SPI Friend is directly supported. BLE is needed to connect to iOS devices. Note iOS does not support mouse input.
```

|Board                                                           |Bluetooth Protocol          |Connection Type |rules.mk                   |Bluetooth Chip|
|----------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|----------------|---------------------------|--------------|
|[Adafruit EZ-Key HID](https://www.adafruit.com/product/1535)   |Bluetooth Classic           | UART           |`BLUETOOTH = AdafruitEZKey` |              |

> |Rovering Networks RN-42 (Sparkfun Bluesmirf)                       |Bluetooth Classic           | UART           |`BLUETOOTH = RN42`          | RN-42        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Roving Networks RN-42 (Sparkfun Bluesmirf)                       |Bluetooth Classic           | UART           |`BLUETOOTH = RN42`          | RN-42        |
```
